add dev guide to add custom call op (#686)
alibaba/BladeDISC: docs/developers/add_custom_call.md

# Development Guide: Add a Custom Call Operator

In some scenarios, the BladeDISC code generator can not meet user needs,
e.g. vender library or calling a customized CUDA kernel code. BladeDISC
provides an interface to call these customized functions, which is called
**Custom Call Operator**, you can find more design details in
[Runtime Abstraction Layer Introduction](/docs/developers/runtime_abstraction_layer.md).

## Add a Custom Call Operator Step by Step

To make it easier for developers to understand, this section uses `TransposeOp`
as an example to introduce how to add a custom call operator step by step.

### Step1: Register Operator in RAL

BladeDISC provides a macro `TAO_RAL_API` to register a custom call operator. To
make the code structure clearly, please create a new `transpose_impl.cc` file
under the directory: `tao_compiler/mlir/xla/ral/context/`:

``` c++
void ral_gpu_transpose_2d(ExecutionContext* ctx, void* stream_handle,

>                           MemRefType<T, 2> input, int dim0, int dim1,

Reviewer: better to use a local cpu buffer (e.g. memref.alloca) to represent the transpose permutation to support the general case. The metadata fields of conv op is an example.

Author: Agree with this comment, and I will update this doc with https://github.com/alibaba/BladeDISC/pull/685 in the near future.

                          MemRefType<T, 2> output) {
  ...
  LaunchTranspose2DKernel<T>(stream, d_in, rows, cols, d_out);
}

TAO_RAL_API("ral_gpu_transpose_2d", "gpu",
            ral_gpu_transpose_2d<float>);
```

For the argument list, the first and second ones must be `ExecutionContext` and
`gpu_stream_handle`, which are used to get the GPU runtime context, the following arguments are
user-defined.

> Please note, `ral_gpu_transpose_2d` function would be called at runtime, so we

Reviewer 2: "Please note, " -> "Please note that"
would be -> will be

can launch the GPU kernel in the function `LaunchTranspose2DKernel`, usually you

> can add the kernel implementation under the directory

Reviewer 2: . Usually, you should add the kernel implementation to the directory "...".

`tao_compiler/mlir/xla/ral/context/custom_library/` .

### Step2: Translate LMHLO Operator to Custom Call Operator

> In the BladeDISC pass pipeline, it converts a lmhlo operator to a custom call

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the BladeDISC pass pipeline, a lmhlo operator is converted to a custom call
```

> op via `DispatchOp` in `DiscLowerToLibraryCallPass`, a simple code snippet is as

Reviewer 2: , a simple code ->  . A simple code

the following:

``` c++
SmallVector<Value, 5> newOperands{stream_handle};
for (Value operand : op.getOperands()) {
      newOperands.push_back(operand);
}
rewriter.replaceOpWithNewOp<DispatchOp>(op,
      llvm::None,
      ctx, /*Ral Execution Context*/,
      newOperands, /*Arguments*/

>       "ral_gpu_transpose_2d", /*registry op name*/

Reviewer: maybe ral_gpu_transpose_2d is enough since placement info is attached below.
